# Fibonacci_and_goldenRatio
Python based program to visualize the Fibonacci series and golden ratio.

Uses numpy and pyplot from matplotlib.

Functions that end in 'plot' are the ones that generate the plots but do not perform any calculations. To generate the plots together add plt.subplot() at the start of these functions.

fib_generator() takes the seed values for the series and generates the actual series for those seeds. golden_ratio_calculator() calculates the golden ratio by taking two consecutive terms of the fibonacci series.

The function gr_heavy() is used to look at how the value of the golden ratio changes as we take more terms in the fibonacci series.

The y-limits of the plots can be modified to look at the trends. For eg., in gr_evolve_plot, taking the y-limit as 1 -> 2 will let us see how large the standard deviation is from the average value of the golden ratio, whereas if we take the limit as 1.38 -> 1.86 then we will see how close the value of the golden ratio calculated from the given number of terms is to the correct value of golden ratio.

Also in line 51, if we increase the value of the range of the loop, then the program will generate more terms in the series which will help us see how the value of the golden ratio changes as we go from calculating it using the first 2 terms, to the value of the golden ratio calculated using, say, the 99th and 100th terms of teh series.

In the plot of the terms of the fibonacci series generated by the fib_plot and fib_generator, we see how fast the value of the terms increases and the trend that it follows.
